# Contributing

We love contributions from everyone.
By participating in this project,
you agree to abide by the thoughtbot [code of conduct].

  [code of conduct]: https://thoughtbot.com/open-source-code-of-conduct

We expect everyone to follow the code of conduct
anywhere in thoughtbot's project codebases,
issue trackers, chatrooms, and mailing lists.

## Contributing Code

Fork the repo.

Run the setup script.

```
./bin/setup
```

Make sure everything passes:

```
bundle exec rake
```

Make your change, with new passing tests.

Mention how your changes affect the project to other developers and users in the
`NEWS.md` file.

Push to your fork. Write a [good commit message][commit]. Submit a pull request.

  [commit]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html

Others will give constructive feedback.
This is a time for discussion and improvements,
and making the necessary changes will be required before we can
merge the contribution.

## Testing the executable Locally

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.
From there, you can run `suspenders new <app_name>` to test the current code.

In an effort to help distinguish code generated by `rails new` from code
generated by the application template, you can run `SUSPENDERS_ENV=development suspenders new <app_name>`.

From there you can `cd` in the generated application and run `git diff` to see
what changed.

This can be useful for testing Suspenders after a new release of Rails.

## Documenting changes to generated application

Be sure to update `FEATURES.md` and the contents of `update_readme` within
`web.rb` anytime you add, update or remove a feature to the generated
application.

## Publishing to RubyGems

When the gem is ready to be shared as a formal release, it can be
[published][published] to RubyGems.

  [published]: https://guides.rubyonrails.org/plugins.html#publishing-your-gem

1. Bump the version number in `Suspenders::VERSION`
2. Run `bundle exec rake build`
3. Run `bundle exec rake install`
4. Run `bundle exec rake release`
